h1. Name

keytool-importkeypair - A shell script to import key/certificate pairs into an existing Java keystore

h2. Installing

Add @keytool-importkeypair@ to your @PATH@

h2. Usage

_keytool-importkeypair_ [-k keystore] [-p storepass]
-pk8 pk8 -cert cert -alias key_alias

This script is used to import a key/certificate pair
into a Java keystore.

If a keystore is not specified then the key pair is imported into
~/.keystore in the user's home directory.

The passphrase can also be read from stdin.

h2. Example

Adding "Android":http://developer.android.com platform level certificates to the "Android SDK":http://developer.android.com/sdk/.

<pre>
keytool-importkeypair -k ~/.android/debug.keystore -p android -pk8 platform.pk8 -cert platform.x509.pem -alias platform
</pre>

-p 后面是密码

h2. NOTE

执行keytool-importkeypair 如果有如下warning, 执行下
JKS 密钥库使用专用格式。建议使用 "keytool -importkeystore -srckeystore ./platform.jks -destkeystore ./platform.jks -deststoretype pkcs12" 迁移到行业标准格式 PKCS12。

需要执行下对应的指令


h2. 项目中使用key 

1 platform.jks放到项目根目录

2 build.gradle中添加key 
android {

    .......

    signingConfigs {

        releaseConfig {
            keyAlias 'platform'
                keyPassword 'android'
                storeFile file('../platform.jks')
                storePassword 'android'
        }

        debug {
            keyAlias 'platform'
                keyPassword 'android'
                storeFile file('../platform.jks')
                storePassword 'android'
        }

    }   
}

keytool不是內部或外部命令
这个是由于java的环境变量没有配置好，需要重新配置，具体配置可自行百度，配置完要保证命令行中输入 java和javac都是 可用的才行

h2. Feedback

Shoot me an email at "getfatday@gmail.com":mailto:getfatday@gmail.com with any feedback.
